-Look over there!
-Hey!
Give it a rest! What are you doing?
-Hold the wheel!
-Fucking go!
You're fucking nuts.
-Get the fuck out of the way!
-Enough.
Where's your blinker, cunt?
-Fuck!
-You're fucking crazy.
-Insane.
-Hold it.
Who gave you a fucking license?
-When are the results?
-What?
When do you get them?
Fuck!
On Friday.
Why the fuck would you
go to medical school?
Look!
-It's them?
-What?
-Them?
-I don't know! I can't see.
I don't think so.
They had a sweatshirt. Look inside.
Check it.
Fucking hell!
-One had a sweatshirt.
-No.
-He did.
-No sweatshirt!
-Check!
-I can't see!
Fuck it.
How about now?
Enough!
Stop!
And he rear-ended me.
Brewsky?
Fuck!
Come on! Again!
Golden. He's had enough!
Come on.
Hey. Don't get up!
-You okay?
-Yeah…
Don't get up.
-You want an ambulance?
-Fuck off!
Dawid!
I told you!
It's them!
No…
Take off your crew's shirt!
Take it off!
Fury! Fury! Furioza!
Ants are up in flames.
-Fuck.
-This city is ours!
Olo!
-Mimi!
-I called you!
I called you!
What about the movie?
I bought two tickets.
So you can watch it twice.
-Wait.
-Or the sequel.
Jesus, you just got here.
Hey, check it out.
Golden, nice!
Fuck!
Awesome ink.
-Who did it?
-Your fucking mom.
My mom inks better.
-You could get it too, honey.
-Sexy.
-Hold your horses.
-You know what?
I'd rather not have
these cunts here at all.
Krzywy? How did these
poor shipbuilders and dockers wrong us?
Nice!
I'm talking about Ants, Buła.
Let me introduce, Mr. Kaszub.
-From Kashubia!
-My blood!
Fuck, a mohawk?
Get a fucking tent and go to Jarocin.
You lost your fucking mind, brother?
What the fuck did you do?
Fuck, I'll go to Jarocin and sing.
Furioza is never at peace
Furioza fucks the police
Here, you'll feel the brotherly love
Fuck the police, we are above
All right now, relax.
Listen, the Anties
have their own crew shirts, right?
-Today, we have ours.
-No!
-No fucking way…
-I ordered 17.
That will do for now.
Some of you have to earn them.
Like my brother.
Golden.
Everyone gets only one. Krzywy.
-Buła.
-One for Buła.
I'm going shirtless.
They'll recognize me.
-Gołota also fights shirtless.
-That wimp?
You're a fucking wimp.
Has anyone heard about you?
Everyone's heard about him.
Everyone, and he's just a guy
from the block, like us.
He had fuck all,
but he climbed to the top.
And he quickly fell back down.
Fuck, maybe he lost,
but he still messed Lewis' face up.
How about his balls?
I'd rather live one year as a tiger…
than my whole life as a pussy.
-Yeah.
-Why hold back?
Yeah, why hold back?
You played the game and went insane!
-Fucking do something.
-Oh shit.
You'll see.
Every hooligan in Poland
will hear about us.
Cool off, Golden!
Golden! Is it him?
You were supposed to confirm it.
Can you hear me? Golden!
Golden. Is it Kaszub?
Dima.
Listen to me! It's not him!
You hear me? It's not him!
Stop!
No!
No! Fuck! No!
Stop!
-Run!
-Leave.
What are you doing?
Golden…
What?
Move it!
Quick!
-To the forest!
-Fuck, give me the water.
Golden, where are you? Fuck!
Golden, where the fuck are you?
Can you hear me? Respond!
We're at the parking lot! Where are you?
-I'm here.
-Get over here.
I'll fucking kill you.
We won't wait for you. Ten minutes!
Come on, guys!
Faster!
Get to the cars.
Take those things. Give it.
He was supposed to live.
That was the deal.
You stabbed him to death.
Fucking death!
You hear me?
It's your business, your conscious,
but our risk is higher.
You hear me? Now, there will be a raise.
-Forty.
-What?
-Forty thousand.
-I don't have it.
-Each.
-I don't have it now.
I know.
You'll pay it back later.
Undress.
Quickly, undress.
-What is he waiting for?
-Relax, Irina.
-"Relax"?
-Didn't you hear me?
And the briefs.
-Five minutes.
-No, two.
-We should--
-Don't even think about it.
We'll need him.
Trust me.
Suit yourself.
Get to the cars, boys.
Don't you get it?
We're wasting away in Poland.
Over there, the market
is a hundred times bigger. No limits.
Dublin, The Islands.
We can push our stuff with no limits.
Fuck, Golden.
-You bought a crib here?
-Here!
See this connector?
With the terrace. Fucking mine.
- Can you clean up after your doggie?
- Fuck off.
Hey!
-Golden. I'll talk with him, okay?
-Okay.
-Fuck, do I have to ask?
-You clean it up.
Splash.
Leave some for me, Kaszub.
You can come to Gdynia.
You can even sunbathe on our beach.
But fuck, you can't make a mess
in our beautiful city. Pick it up.
How? With what?
You've got hands? Pick it the fuck up.
There's a dog waste station.
Everything.
Yo!
Nice setup!
Aren't you pissed that Mrówka
took everything from us on The Islands?
That he took our guys in Ireland?
Ireland should be ours.
The money we'll make…
Yo, he didn't fight back.
Together, we can do anything. You and I.
Look.
This city can be ours, up to this horizon!
Up to the horizon!
We have the framework,
the people, everything.
Even this horizon is no limit.
Leave it.
Mrówka gets his product
on The Islands by the port.
Our port.
Yes, there's a port in Gdynia.
-But it's not ours.
-Let's just ice Polański.
Kill him?
You're fucked up, Golden.
I love you, bro. But if you stir shit,
I'll kick you out of Furioza.
But Polański pays me pennies.
Pennies! Pennies that paid for this suite?
Golden, fuck, what more do you want?
I want to go higher!
Kaszub! Higher, more,
higher, harder, more!
More! Higher! More! Higher!
Higher! More!
-Dude!
-Higher! More!
You can buy five floors up
and five floors down,
but you'll always be a guy from the block.
"Higher!"
I can't.
You were our brother, Kaszub.
You created history.
You'll always be a legend.
Kaszub…
It's Buła.
I'll avenge you, my friend. I swear!
Fuck, Mrówa, you're dead!
I'll kill you with your own
fucking pitchfork!
Fuck!
Mrówa…
Kaszub.
First, I want to apologize
that I wasn't there.
That we weren't there.
I speak for our whole crew.
You founded Furioza.
You shaped us. You taught us everything.
Fury! Fury! Furioza!
The Lord says, "Beloved,
never avenge yourselves,
but leave it to the wrath of God.
Vengeance is mine.
I will repay."
Therefore, forgive me, Lord,
for my future sins.
INSIDE FURIOZA
Crowds like at
Nikodem Skotarczak's funeral in '98.
Fuck me! Him? Shit!
Everyone to the urn!
Honey, don't go. Fuck.
To the urn! Shit!
Fucking hell.
What the fuck is he doing here?
Wait.
Hey!
Why the fuck did you come? Relax!
Leave it and fuck off.
Not here! Pigs are here.
Fuck, relax! Pigs are everywhere!
Back the fuck up! If these guys explode,
it's going to be a massacre.
Come out!
-What the fuck?
-Come out!
What the fuck?
Back the fuck up.
-Back up.
-Fuck off! Why do you provoke?
-You hear, Marcin?
-Hands off!
Leave those weeds and fuck off,
like they told you.
Fuck off, Mrówa. You're already dead!
I fought…
with Kaszub all my life!
These are his scars!
Fuck off, Mrówa!
I don't hold it against him!
-What the fuck?
-Get out!
I honor him!
I see crews from all over Poland!
You're here to say goodbye to Kaszub,
because he was a true hooligan!
Real, good, old school!
Fuck off, you hear?
-Get the fuck out!
-Fuck off!
Marcin, fucking leave.
Get the fuck out, now!
These are my colors!
-Take it and leave!
-Hide that rag.
This is how you say goodbye…
Get the fuck out of here!
You'll die, bitch!
…to the greats.
Marcin, enough.
If I leave you here, they'll kill you.
I'll kill you, motherfucker!
Get the fuck out!
Fuck off!
Don't reach for the gun!
I'll fucking kill you!
I'll kill you!
-Fuck off!
-Fuck!
Where did he go?
Fuck, enough! Quiet!
After him.
Enough! This is a fucking funeral!
Back up.
Parking. Up top.
Wait. Now.
…soccer supporters
from around the country.
The police are looking for the murderer
of the Furioza soccer fan group's leader.
Fucking "soccer fan group"? Fuck that!
Fucking farmer's wives association!
Don't get too close.
Like this. That piece of shit
has to step out somewhere.
-What then?
-You'll run into him.
I'll jump out, pummel him with gear,
and we get the fuck out.
All right.
He's turning.
Fucker's about to step out.
Wait. Fucking go!
Won't get a better shot! Go!
-Maybe it's not him.
-He killed your brother. Go!
Aim in the middle! Fucking middle!
Fuck! Back up!
Fuck!
-Reverse!
-Get the fuck out!
-Fuck off!
-Stop!
Don't move! Police!
Move the fuck away from him!
Whoa, Madam Commissioner! Holy fuck!
Watch out, or next time
you'll hit the gas pump.
Do you have a loose screw?
Who the fuck are you?
Young Kaszub.
Gas station by Ikea.
Give me everyone you have.
Madam Commissioner, hold on!
-Fuck, you have your brother's eyes.
-They have weapons.
Let's go!
-They're leaving.
-This family's had enough drama.
-Three cars. A black Mercedes.
-To the cars!
-BMW, GD 67486.
-They're mourning!
Audi A6. The weapon is in the Audi.
Dzika, fuck!
Get the fuck out of here!
I will let this pass this one time!
-Leave Mrówka to us.
-To you, for fuck's sake?
Yes, the police handle the murders.
Doctors save people.
You want to kill?
You think you can live with it?
Get the fuck out of here!
MILKY WAY
Quickly!
Kaszub opposed you. Did you do it?
Fucking milk for grownups!
We have to get along with Golden.
Ireland and The Islands
are an important topic.
And you're still playing hooligans
like children.
When the fuck will you wise up?
Move it there!
Messi! Figo's all out of energy!
After what happened,
Golden will want a war.
I only retreat forward.
Sure, and in two years,
I'll be one year sober.
-Go!
-Come on!
Watch him go!
Kaszub didn't care,
but Golden wants to make money.
Fuck, not with me.
Golden loves big money.
You too.
And big money likes quiet.
Quiet on its turf.
It's not Colombia.
You won't kill everyone.
Come on!
Right, we're taking Mrówa
and his lackeys for 48 hours.
Fuck!
One of them will spill their guts.
Yeah, right.
Want one?
Patience, Dzika!
More patience. Besides who knows?
Maybe we'll manage to stop
their little war for a moment.
What do you think, Dzika?
Can we do it? Shit!
DON'T WAIT, ACT
Or…
not?
Attention, everyone.
There's no video from the crime scene.
There are some screeches
in the audio recording.
Let's figure out what it is. We work 24/7.
Police!
-Police! Stop!
-Yeah?
Mrówka, I'm on probation.
They can't take me!
Relax. I'll hide you in Dublin.
I'll need you there.
-Later.
-In Dublin…
-Hold it, fucker!
-Run!
Stop!
On the ground!
Police!
Clear!
Today we're doing toning exercises…
Where's Mrówka?
…very nice consistency…
Mr. Mrówka. He asked to tell you
he'll visit you himself.
…when it reaches the impurities…
-Who is it?
-He's not a smart player.
The ball was very slow.
Should we take him?
Do you have a warrant for this crib?
Madam Obersturmbannführer! Sandwich?
He missed! No goal.
Police! Police!
Sing with us
Get fucked in the ass…
Are you fucking insane?
What is this, a concert hall?
Police! Police!
Sing with us
Get fucked…
-Fuck off!
-What you looking at?
Get fucked in the ass…
Fuck off!
Police!
My police…
Mr. Konrad.
When did you last see Mr. Kaszub?
Kashubia? No… Oh, Kaszub.
Shoot, I don't remember.
But I have it all in my diary.
Maybe you could get it for me?
Or you, miss?
Shall I give you the keys?
Let's try this. What were you doing
on July 1st, at 9 p.m.?
Nine p.m.? 37 minutes of yoga. Always.
I was doing the Sun Salutation
and then… the Pig.
In Gdańsk, we have the Anthill.
Gdynia has those cunts from Furioza.
And then there's Sopot. That's pure evil.
But it's all Kashubia.
No one has killed it,
so I don't understand.
I was doing yoga, you get me?
You think it's so easy to rule?
You're not cut out for it.
Which night? I didn't hear you.
Oh, we made a mess, huh? A little oopsie?
Well, in that case,
here you go, gentlemen.
Here, have all of that.
Fucking, have a snack.
Take a shit in here as well,
why don't you?
Too bad.
Fucking hell!
…so I'm spinning that little propeller…
We had Mrówka at the station.
You fucked up.
I don't need
somebody like that in my crew.
Right, to the pit with him.
No!
No pit.
…the stars, celebrities…
For fuck's sake!
You want to play like a fucking clown?
Your buddy is already talking.
He's cooperating.
And you want to give us bullshit?
You don't have shit.
-Why are you holding me if he's talking?
-Jacek!
-Fuck, Jacek!
-I want my lawyer!
Mr. Commissioner!
-You fucker!
-Fuck off!
-Jacek!
-What the fuck?
Yes?
-Good afternoon.
-Hello, Ms. Marta.
-Everything okay, Konrad?
-I don't give a shit.
-He doesn't care.
Mr. Mrówczyński
was supposed to come for questioning.
Fuck, Jacek!
Please.
Let the record show
that my client came here willingly.
He'll give his statement
only in my presence.
And with no use of force.
And…
before Madam General asks
what was I doing on July 1st at 9 p.m.,
I was in church, at a BDSM party.
Although, Madam Admiral,
let the record show,
that I hate priests, fucking pedophiles,
who fuck little kids in the ass
and surround themselves
with pussy politicians.
-It's them you should arrest, Jacek, no?
-Which ones?
Both, Jacek, my man.
We don't have enough cells.
Fuck, Dzika.
I killed Kaszub…
I left my pitchfork,
though without my prints.
But it's a pitchfork, so it's me.
Are you insane?
Well, Jacek?
You also think I'm that fucking stupid?
Sawbones, is this enough?
-Water.
-Fuck!
As they taught you in school,
pour acid into water, don't be a fool.
Who has gasoline?
Well!
Thanks to my vigilance
and divine providence,
which, as we know,
is only for the chosen ones,
we finally start to use
what was always ours.
We'll avenge Kaszub like I promised.
Keep moving, dude. The yellow bus.
-Fuck, how do you go up?
-Press down.
-Down to go fucking up?
-Up to go down, down to go up.
-Right to go left?
-No, right is right.
How do you shoot?
Here you go.
-Are you fucking insane?
-You know it!
-Yes, I do.
-Come on.
-How long will they stay here?
-Just a few more days.
So what's up?
I traced the phone
which was close to the cell
belonging to Polański's bodyguard.
-Yeah?
-It sent this text.
"They got me. You know who.
Goodnight, dear son?"
What the fuck is this?
Why are you showing me this?
He's a veteran gangster.
He's going to his death.
He knows how to send a cryptic message.
Give us something helpful and concrete.
Where did he send this?
To what number?
That number was logging in
every 10 minutes on different continents.
Then shit, we have fuck all.
Except for this. This text was sent
in the vicinity of this shooting range.
-Well?
-No trace of blood.
They even changed the carpet.
This is how dinosaurs meet their end.
He was the last old-school, 90s gangster.
The change is coming, Dzika.
We can't stop it.
I'll check the CCTV.
-Surprised?
-Yeah?
This port has always been ours.
Say hi to Mrówka.
-Out!
-No beating this time!
Get back to Gdańsk!
This port is fucking ours!
-Polański was an old coot.
-Yeah…
Just a fucking asshole, right?
Yes. That's right.
-What about me?
-No, you're totally different.
MILKY WAY
-They blocked us.
-It's not our fault.
-Golden?
-Golden, Krzywy.
-The whole fucking Furioza.
-Why?
There were too many.
-Why were there only two of you?
-We always go alone.
-Always.
-Fuck!
Don't do it! Fuck!
Fuck! Motherfucking Golden!
Motherfucking Furioza!
Furioza never leaves their own!
Never!
-Never!
-Beautiful!
I'll fucking kill them all!
Yeah? I'll come down.
Password?
Wrzescz, Pruszcz, Czew.
"Tczew."
-"Tczew." Say it.
-Czew.
"T." Starts with a "T."
Coffee or tea?
Coffee doesn't exclude tea.
Then I'll mix it for you.
-Audi.
-The worst one.
Kia.
Ford.
Fuck, the Škoda?
Yeah, so what?
May I help you?
You'll sell me this Lambo.
But not today.
Now I'll take the gold one.
Nice setup.
Golden.
You can buy five floors up
and five floors down,
but you'll always be…
…a guy from the block.
Honey.
You can't be so sad.
Szadzia has something for you.
Here, suck on this.
I don't want to.
No.
We know what you need.
Golden. Come.
Here you go.
Better?
More. Give me more.
Zoom in.
What are they buying?
Caustic soda.
Why do they need it? Fucking beekeepers?
Whoa! You deleted it.
It's "Miss" to you. Got a problem?
Are you sure?
Imagine you're a leaf.
The wind is getting stronger. Like that.
It's so strong
that it plucks you from the branch.
Now it's raining. You're so cold.
Faster! There are so many raindrops!
-The wind is pulling.
-It's her.
Like that!
It plucks you from the branch.
Scatter across the room.
The wind pulls you, shakes you.
To the right! To the left!
Let's go! It shakes you!
It shakes you. Now, there's a storm.
A lightning bolt strikes the leaves.
Like that.
Breathe. I can't hear you breathing.
Now you suddenly fall.
-Now there's a puddle.
-Fuck, look at them.
And now a stream. You're in it.
Cold raindrops. The wind is pulling you…
-Hi.
Wide. Don't stop.
-Can I enroll with you?
-Yes, after the class.
-I can't. I'm leaving.
-Then you won't enroll.
Will you be my girlfriend?
How about wife?
That also works.
I bought more.
I didn't know which one you'd like.
-So?
-No.
-What?
-No. Take them.
-I'll be back soon.
-No…
Keep them, miss.
-Keep them.
-Bye!
No…
-Just like that.
-Olo, this is not Tricity.
They're weaker there.
We'll surprise them with no problem.
-You can't be sure.
-Jesus!
There, we have to go in hard.
-Can you get him in Gdańsk?
-Will he be there?
Can you get him in Sopot?
Fuck, will that work better?
He's sly. Do you have a better plan?
How do you say "Buła" in Irish?
He'll be there.
He has too much to lose in Dublin.
That's better. We'll get him abroad.
And if we don't,
at least we'll have a trip to Dublin.
I'll get the tickets.
Golden, by the window?
-Yeah, but in a car. We're driving.
-Yeah?
Plain, inconspicuous cars. Got it?
-Got it.
-You're with us, Oluś?
-All right.
-Awesome!
But, like Golden said, we're driving.
No more than three in a car.
We obey the traffic laws.
We get no tickets. We pay only in cash.
-Buy some euros. Small bills.
-Yes.
-Zero troubles.
-Zero.
-No gas station promotions, nothing.
-Nothing.
If a cop pulls you over,
you're going back to Poland.
-Yes.
-Of course.
How do you drive to a fucking island?
Is Bauer here?
I haven't seen him in three days.
No one has ever found me here.
Was anyone looking?
Not in a long time.
This is our fate, Dzika.
But despite everything and
everyone, we have to carry on
as pigs, right?
'Cause…
the dynamics…
Oh, that's on me.
The dynamics are important.
Fuck.
Do you have anything from the CCTV?
Right, Mrówka was working with Polański.
Have Prorok give us the green light.
And we start working in the morning.
Add that to my tab.
POLISH SHOP
Dude, we have everything here.
It's like Momma's house.
Best fucking food in all of Dublin. Catch.
Look, kefir. You have everything here.
-Like we're home!
-Zeta, who is this now?
I can't believe it!
-Wassup?
-You came!
I'll show you where you're staying. Come.
-See you.
Here.
You remember when I said
that Zeta works for Mrówka?
-Yeah.
I was joking.
Zeta!
-Wassup?
-Where's Rysiek?
No Rysiek, life is good.
Hold on.
It's here. Get in.
Let's go, gentlemen.
So cringy.
You want to wear this in Dublin?
-What? I'm proud to be Polish.
-What the fuck are you talking about?
It's not an accomplishment.
Your parents simply made you in Poland.
If anything,
you can be happy to be Polish.
What's to be happy about?
-You want a Guinness?
-You have a Specjal?
It's me, Zeta. Open up.
-Hi.
-Come in.
What the fuck?
What… All right!
Fuck!
We're taking over Dublin.
Get all your guys,
and we can fight over it.
Hands or gear?
Gear.
Hey, Siri.
Call Mrówa.
Mrówa.
No, kurwa, I could not repeat,
you motherfucking artificial intelligence.
Call fucking Mrówa!
What?
Mrówa.
Is something wrong?
-Call me on the second phone.
-Calling.
Oh God.
Go.
Oh fuck…
What the fuck?
-Here?
-Yeah.
Zeta! A mountain never meets a mountain,
but Furioza can meet the Anthill.
You know this joke about shock?
The ten of you will get shocked.
Hey!
Leave that one. I like it.
All right.
MRÓWKA, THE LORD OF POMERANIA
HE THINKS HIP-HOP IS A SPINE DISORDER
You know where one can get
a good cup of coffee here?
-Poolbeg Chimneys.
-What?
-Docks by the port.
-Fuck off.
-I'll send you a pin.
-Go.
-How? Do you have my number?
-Do something!
Run, Lola, Run!
Go left, go right!
They raided us.
They knew where the money and drugs were.
Who ratted us out?
Fucking Zeta! It was Zeta!
I'll fucking kill him.
We set up a brawl in the docks,
in Irish Town. It's a good spot.
-Hands or gear?
-Fucking gear.
Fuck!
Fucking bastards!
You like that, cunt?
You're so fucking tough? Fucking pigs!
Come on! Shit!
Fuck me. Pull over.
You like that?
"Get out. Show me your hands."
That shit again?
Fucking pigs. Open up!
I said, open up!
Open!
You'll take me for 48 hours
and get jack shit from me.
How about we talk
in a friendlier atmosphere?
Don't fucking try it.
I see you're hungry.
And thirsty.
And I'll be more talkative.
On me.
-Jacek!
-All right, Marcin. Lead the way.
Jacek.
Here, have a fucking drink.
Trust me. It will get better.
Anything else?
I…
can't eat meat.
My cholesterol and TG are too high.
And I'm allergic
to pigs.
But Chief Inspector Bauer
already knows that.
I do know that you're allergic to us.
I also know that allergy will end
in anaphylaxis on some beautiful,
sunny day.
You want to report this?
Fuck off.
I'll still get you, fucker.
Which side are you on?
The law?
You fucking saw them attack me
after Kaszub's funeral.
Golden and that doctor of yours.
They pulled blades on me.
You made no arrests after that.
-Because you're just like us.
-Fuck, Marcin--
-From the same neighborhood.
-I don't give a shit.
Seriously. Fuck, you're wasting my time.
You have me walking
three fucking flights of stairs.
I'll personally see that you're locked up
for exactly 48 hours.
My people are downstairs.
Either give me something or we're done…
with this fucking chit-chat.
Fuck!
Who do you think gained the most
after Polański's death? Not me.
Fuck, I thought
you're fucking brighter than this.
THEY RAIDED ANOTHER WAREHOUSE.
BRING THE CREW!
Fuck!
There will be no dessert! Fuck off!
Go on, arrest me.
You won't stop the war in the city.
Please excuse me.
I have to go. Business calls.
Fuck it.
Fucking transport.
Of rhubarb and cherries.
From Złocieniec to Machów.
It turns out I fucking have to go.
This one time, Dzika.
I'll ignore the fact
that you didn't tell me something.
But next time, I'll kick you the fuck out.
There are two pigs upstairs.
Let's get the gear.
We're going to Dublin, today.
Welcome! Come on!
-Fucking Buła.
-Eat up!
-Wassup?
-'Sup?
You're here.
One, two, three!
-Where are the toys?
-Mrówka's here?
Dzika's been on their asses
since Polański's death.
They locked them up for 48 hours.
Mrówka might be one of them.
-Don't say he's not here.
-Fuck knows.
See?
-He's here!
-He's here.
Here he is! The word became flesh!
Do you fucking know what you're doing?
This is my territory!
Drugs ain't hooliganism.
My little Mrówka!
We always had more people
than you in this place.
I only take what is mine.
And you, Zeta…
I'll find you in the fucking crowd.
We'll fucking see.
We are making history.
Others have to wait for it.
Let's fucking go!
Fuck! Come on!
Golden!
Braveheart!
Fuck, try it now!
I trusted you. Die!
Get back to the kennel!
-Fall back! Fuck!
-They're running away. After them!
Get the fuck out!
Fuck!
Pigs.
We're out of here!
Fuck! The pigs are coming! Hurry!
Fuck it, we're leaving. Get the gear.
I'll kill you back home.
-Or I'll kill you.
-Fucking…
There's always another option.
Let's get the fuck out of here!
Get the fucking pitchfork!
Pick up the fucking gear!
-Fucking run!
-Let's split!
-For Scotland!
-Furioza!
KASZUB
YOU'RE A LEGEND
Mom…
How did you know, Mom? You're the best!
The best!
The best! No one makes them like you.
No one! Not even Auntie.
What's the matter?
I recorded the news.
A group of masked hooligans
faced off in Dublin.
It is suspected that it was
an encounter between Polish gangs.
The victim is a 33-year-old Zenon K.,
a hooligan wanted by the Polish police.
The Irish police refuse--
You had such nice, curly hair.
Mom, I'm in the big leagues now, like Dad.
Not even that! It's the Champions League!
I saw you all recently,
going to Kaszub's funeral.
Mom! It's my life.
I told you many times.
We, football fans, pursue happiness,
and the law pursues us.
Mommy.
I'm in love.
Krzysio…
Hi.
Girls, come.
Come, girls.
-You're that Golden?
-Yes.
Warm up, please.
-In the middle.
-Tell me what's all this about.
You can enroll in the class.
You want me to be
a leaf falling from a tree?
You can enroll in a group,
but you can't come here.
-You can't give me such gifts.
-What gifts?
Real ones.
You want knock-offs?
No, but they're worth 100 thousand.
No, 150 thousand.
I bought them wholesale, with a discount.
-Will you marry me?
-It's not funny.
-Take them.
-I won't. Unless you go out with me.
Fuck!
Teacher said "fuck!"
You can't say "fuck" here.
You can't say "fuck."
I have a boyfriend.
Take him with you. I'm not jealous yet.
Go out with him, miss!
-No.
-Please!
-No?
-No.
-No!
-No?
-No.
-Are you sure?
-I'm sure.
-No?
-No.
-You sure?
-I'm sure.
No?
Your father wouldn't be pleased.
That I'm like him?
Will they kick me out?
Did you fuck him up?
Madam Principal, I am a very busy person.
I didn't pick this high school
for our son to be in danger.
This might be
the most expensive school in the country.
We expect responsible education, and not…
-Pathology.
-Pathointellectuals like you?
Excuse me.
And you are?
Zuzia's family.
Yes, this is Zuzia's family.
Madam Principal, my niece
has been through a lot recently.
As a doctor, I can say that she has
many symptoms of PTSD.
Zuzia's Dad had an accident.
So you can understand her reaction.
I keep telling her
that fighting is not okay.
-Come on, Zuzia.
-I'm sorry.
Pussy.
Even if a poorly raised classmate
is calling her father
a thug and a criminal.
-Jesus.
-He was an honest and honorable hooligan.
Yeah. And, as we know,
plenty of sociological studies…
May I?
…prove that children learn from
and imitate them parents.
"Their"?
-You threw a hook?
-I kicked him.
Kicked him? Why you…
Starting today, you go to all classes.
-Of course.
-Yes, of course.
-Don't hit anyone.
-No, it hurts!
Come here, you devil. Ouch, it hurts!
Why is he staring at himself?
I don't know. He killed!
The painter. It's a self-portrait.
We're studying it.
-What happened to him?
-Google it.
Come.
Fucking awesome.
A WILD PIG IS STILL A BITCH
Check it out, Dzika.
The foreigners have arrived.
Yeah, hello.
You too, yeah.
Because…
Chuligani…
don't work with policja.
Tell him the Americano is for him.
Yeah.
How do you say "serial widlarz"?
Mr. Superintendent, I assure you
that we have
extensive operational knowledge,
but this is not the time to share it.
And the second thing, we have suspects.
As soon as some facts come together…
Fucking comes to my country
and demands to speak in his language.
That's what I wanted to say,
but I don't know…
Yo, is English yours?
And piss them off occasionally,
for good measure.
-I think this one.
-Let me see.
It's all right.
-Maybe this one?
-No.
This one too.
And me, as a bonus.
I have a date today,
but not with you, honey.
Good morning.
It's still waiting for you.
Don't piss me off.
Hi, Golden.
What a place you picked.
So what's the deal with that leaf thing?
People come to you,
you tell them to swing, they make
fools of themselves, and pay you?
-Come on, everyone's staring.
-No one's here. Just you.
-I'm supposed to be a fucking leaf?
-If you want.
As long as you feel it.
You're alone with yourself. Here and now.
You shake off your problems.
You feel calm.
That's embarrassing. God.
There's nothing except you.
You just are.
Right. That's cringy.
I'll take you to a club.
That's where you can dance.
Wait, my backpack.
May I?
This is where you dance.
Yeah?
Oh, you…
You want it?
I'll buy you this sea.
You can't buy the sea, baldy.
Stop!
What?
Hey…
-I have to go to the school.
-School? How old are you?
I run classes there.
Don't leave…
Don't. Leaf.
Come.
I haven't slept this well in a long time.
I wanted to do it, and I did it.
But just once.
No.
A couple of times.
Yesterday. That was a one-time thing.
Police! Hands on the glass!
-Get out!
-Then open the fucking door!
Easy! Fuck!
-Enough already.
-All right.
When Polański went missing,
you were buying caustic soda.
Fuck! I'm going!
You want to be a thug? Fine.
You'll spend 48 hours in a cell.
-Finally, for fuck's sake.
-Sorry.
I can't reach anyone.
Krzywy, Dawid, Jezusek.
Did they shit their pants?
All right, let's go.
-I shit myself once.
-To the car park.
There's nothing you can do, Olo.
Buła.
Fuck.
Fuck, look at this.
What do we do?
Fuck it. We can do it ourselves.
Easy.
Fuck. Across a church. Perfect.
GOD IS WAITING FOR YOU
And a fuckload of people.
It's him.
Hello.
Oh, hi!
Go.
-What?
-There's a hole in the roof.
Hey! Fucking go.
Fuck!
Go home.
-Fuck!
-What the fuck?
Fuck, Buła! Not yet!
Get down! Down!
Fuck!
Fuck, don't get up!
Back up!
Fuck!
Go!
Don't get up!
Come back, Olo! Fuck! He's shot!
Fuck!
-Fuck!
-Wait.
Olo!
Let's get the fuck out of here!
Olo! Behind the black one!
He hid behind the black one!
Fuck!
-Fuck.
-Fuck!
Fucking Furioza faggots!
-Let's get the fuck out!
-Not brave enough to use your fists?
All right, we can have a fucking shootout!
Go!
-Oh, fuck!
-Buła!
-Come on!
Go!
You were supposed to wait
for me to shoot first, for fuck's sake!
I told you to fucking focus, Buła!
And you're eating fucking donuts!
And thinking about fuck knows what!
Now we're driving across fucking Tricity
with a broken window and neck wounds.
The weapon is on the back seat.
All right.
Come with me.
Please, I can't take it anymore.
Eli, I love you. I'll always…
love you.
Come, or I'll lose my mind.
Come on.
When I was eight,
my mother sent me to a boarding school.
I was a child. In a foreign place.
I missed her, I cried.
I thought, if I become the best,
if I make it, she will love me.
She'll finally care about me.
And do you know what she said
after my Swan Lake premiere?
"You missed the fouetté."
-Well, did you?
-Fuck you, that's not the point.
And I can play the bagpipes.
-What?
-Listen.
-Close your eyes.
-I want to see.
-Close. No peeking.
-All right.
-No peeking.
Play the bagpipes!
Quiet!
What?
How do you…
I won't be your girlfriend, Golden.
We can meet, we can shag,
but under my rules.
Hey.
I want to be independent.
And if I leave, I leave.
You'll let me do it.
What's up, dude?
Jimmy.
Put him on speaker.
Kurwa, easy, buddy.
Fuck! Take it!
Get all this shit off me! Fuck it all!
Get my fucking clothes!
Golden, for fuck's sake.
Are we killing each other
or talking about money?
What the fuck?
Leave him! Fuck! Get the fuck off him!
Come on.
No. On "three."
One, two…
and three!
All right.
We can do this deal together.
But we won't be friends.
I have a system for distributing
our product on The Islands.
As long as it works,
we can conquer Ireland.
Our fucking Polish pigs
can kiss our asses.
But it needs to be quiet in the city.
We have to stop fighting.
We either all kill each other,
or they will arrest us.
Big money likes quiet. Quiet on its turf.
No. Fuck no.
Krzywy.
People keep talking about
a score of a lifetime.
Supposedly, it was a myth.
But it's happening.
Here and now. This is our shot.
We all promised to avenge Kaszub.
-I know.
-And you wanna make deals with Mrówa?
-You think I let that go?
-Didn't you?
In time, we'll deal with Mrówka.
Same as we dealt with Polański.
Okay. When?
I don't fucking know! Just wait.
Mrówka's Irish buddy
is controlling the port.
We'll have a problem with Olo and Dawid.
Do you see something?
-Do you see what they're saying?
-I don't understand.
Focus!
"I have two tickets
for a U2 concert in Dublin."
Hey, Golden!
What the fuck is up with this country?
It always rains, it's cold.
-Here.
-But they have the best kebab.
I waited half an hour,
but it was worth it.
Watch out. The first shot is crucial.
Let's give him a line.
He got his!
Golden, those are fucking clans.
They are like a family,
and family is important!
Come on!
Stop this fucking rain.
Fuck, kurwa!
It's fucking zimna!
Fuck, Golden!
If you want to earn the money, shut up!
-What?
-Fucking double!
He wants twice as much marijuana!
I told you, Polish pigs
can kiss our asses!
Fuck, it's so cold!
Oh, yes!
Yes.
Golden and Mrówka.
Dempsey and Makepeace on the case!
-Such good lads.
-Don't stop!
Save for the fact
that you're fucking thugs.
Now, as I hear, working internationally.
At 4:30 p.m. you have
a police supervision hearing in court.
Fuck!
Even if you don't show up,
it will still be in effect. Twice a week.
-For both of you. Starting today.
-No more flying.
No U2 concerts in Dublin.
And it's not the same
without Larry on drums.
Stop it, Jacek!
And if you do go, you won't come back.
Or come back straight to jail.
Who the fuck are you doing business with?
Come on, Dzika.
-Dzika…
-We're leaving.
How's your mom?
Has she met
all your ballet dancers and Thai girls?
I saw her recently. She was sad.
Fuck!
Massage!
-What a tragedy!
-Such an explosion!
Such a deafening explosion!
I only heard a fucking bang!
The roof fell on our heads!
I can't hear anything!
Huge fucking explosion!
Marcin Mrówczyński, supervision.
Fuck the police!
Golden!
Here's the golden child
of Polish hooligans.
Come, we can park you by the bike stands!
We're filming a show!
Just needs a gold carpet.
-Good morning.
-Morning! I'm here for supervision!
-That's right.
-Supervision!
I bought it.
And now I'll live here.
And, if you want,
you can live here too. Do you want to?
Live with me, Leafy.
The sea is right behind the dunes.
150 feet from here.
The sea you said cannot be bought.
But I wouldn't be so sure about that.
You're hopeless.
-Golden!
-Huh?
-Why is he staring at himself like that?
-Fuck off, Sylwek.
Go!
Chop, chop!
The door. And don't come back!
-I don't want to do it like that.
-I want to.
-Not anymore.
-Stop.
-Are you here?
-I am.
-You're not here.
Where? You're not here.
Stop it. I'm here.
Be here with me.
-Eli…
-You're not here.
Let the wind take you.
What are you doing?
Come here!
Let the wind take you. Take it easy.
Can I?
Yes?
-Yes?
-Be here with me.
I'm here.
Be with me for real.
Golden…
I don't really know you.
What do you want?
I want to go back in time.
-What?
-Watch out!
No, stop!
What the…
-I'm buckling up.
-You?
-Yes.
-What the hell?
-Both hands…
-I know how to drive!
-Fuck! Yeah, right!
-It's not my first time.
-Which one? Second!
-Second.
Can you check the mirrors?
Your dad would be proud.
Everything okay?
Uncle, everything okay?
What's up, Krzywy?
Check it out.
Hold on, I'll switch the camera.
See it? We're changing micro…
into macro.
I set everything up. Perfect operation.
Right, I'm off.
MILKY WAY
EVERY DAY STARTS WITH MILK!
Kawa?
Not too early for coffee with whisky?
I need a receipt, kurwa.
No, he don't give me, so how I can take?
Beautiful!
-I don't have that much cash on me.
-Do you have a card?
What's up?
-They uploaded a new video.
-Yeah?
-Reached 420,000 views in two days.
-Golden!
-You don't say!
-Left jab!
I'm here for my supervision!
Messi, watch the chassis!
-Oh, that's our station, boss!
-Yeah.
And this one?
-Almost a million.
-Yeah.
Give me a ticket…
Makes you think, huh?
Should you be happy or fucking proud, huh?
What is this?
Huh?
This is a fucking laughingstock…
Yeah, run away.
You want to know what this is?
I'll fucking tell you.
Idiots, they're making
a laughingstock of our justice system!
Meaning fucking you, moron, and you, fool,
and you, clown, and fucking me!
And what, we can't find anything
on those fucking idiots?
Fucking shit! Nothing?
Fuck it.
Will someone here
start fucking working or not?
The market value is lower
than what my client offers.
This page…
-Everything checks out?
-Yes.
So what's taking so long?
Are you a lawyer or a pussy?
What do I fucking pay you for?
You have five seconds.
Fucking sign it. Five…
four, three…
And that's a goal! Fucking awesome!
Here you go.
I just bought this place.
So you don't have
to pay rent to that prick.
You did what?
I created that school myself. It was mine.
I love being independent.
You want to take that away from me?
I don't want to take anything away.
Fuck, I bought the place
and I want to give it to you.
I don't want your money!
Don't you understand?
We had a deal. No commitments!
Fine. How much was your rent?
-4500.
-So you'll pay me too.
500 zlotys.
You don't get it! At least 5000.
-1500.
-5500.
-2500.
-6000.
-What?!
-Seven!
-3000.
-7500.
-3500.
-9000.
-4000. Stop it! All right!
-10 000.
4500. Like it was. Deal?
Rent's due the fifth of every month.
In advance.
-Golden, I'm being serious.
-Me too.
I'm going to Dublin. You want something?
Fuck off!
-Mróweczka?
-Fuck!
-Mróweczka!
-No more fucking supervision!
You're here! Fucking pigs!
-I have a little surprise for you.
-I like surprises.
-Come.
-Please.
Ms. Janeczka, lower prices,
like back home, in Poland.
-Jimmy!
-You'll pay for that.
Mróweczka.
My little man!
Fuck, come here!
Let's talk.
-So? How was it?
-Pigs are the same all over the world.
Yeah. And did anyone rat?
Of course not.
You sure?
Everything's cool.
-And thank you for the lawyer and stuff.
-I take care of my men.
How are your broken fingies?
-They will heal in no time.
-Fuck!
Fuck!
What the fuck is he saying?
I don't fucking know.
Fuck!
Shit, I don't understand. Carlos?
Jimmy could only sell
our shitty Polish marijuana.
-Fuck off…
-Shut the fuck up, Carlos!
-Only wholesale.
-I fucking understand! Wholesale.
I take it hurtowo… wholesale.
Fuck…
Fuck it, we'll take as much as we should.
Only the brave ones win. And Jimmy's gone.
Stop it! He's gone
because he was fucking killed by the IRA.
It's out of our league.
We're not doing this. Get it?
-Let's at least try it.
-No way.
Let's try.
It's an awesome product. One sniff!
Fuck.
And?
-Nothing?
-Fuck, nothing at all.
Fuck, ants are crawling on my head.
I just spoke with God.
You know what he told me?
"Dilute this in 50/50 proportions,
sell it, and you'll be made for life."
-This is what he told me.
-It's the IRA.
-One deal.
-Are you insane?
-One deal, Mrówka.
-No fucking deal.
-Fuck, you can't even sniff it.
-What more do you want?
What more do I want?
Fuck, I say we can make do
just with MJ here.
You stay quiet, okay?
Okay.
-Fuck, I do the talking!
-Okay, Dad.
Fuck.
All right already. Fuck off.
Enough!
For fuck's sake.
-For fuck's sake!
-All right.
-Fuck!
-Come on.
Twenty million euros!
I'll fucking kill you!
You fucking…
You fucking lunatic!
You're fucking insane. Insane.
You're asking for a lot of money.
I know your daughter's school.
Stop fucking yapping!
-Ten days!
-Ten days! I know!
For fuck's sake.
We're still five million euro short. Fuck!
Fuck me.
I can't get any more in such short time.
Why the fuck did I make a deal
with the IRA?
Fuck, Golden. They'll fucking kill us.
You'll see.
Golden! Come here!
Hi.
How much?
I have 1.2 million.
Dima. That's not enough.
The lightning has its price.
It's a fortune for us, Golden.
A lot of very important people chipped in.
-Dima.
-What?
You don't get it.
You'll end up like your friend.
Do you fucking get it or not?
I get it.
Group together.
Now, we'll breathe as a group,
as one body.
Like that.
Thank you. Class over.
-Thank you. Goodbye.
-What's going on?
We'd like to enroll
in some dance classes.
Something like that.
How much for a lesson?
Too much.
Another one of Golden's whores.
You'd be surprised what we can afford.
They started paying us overtime.
And we have a lot of overtime
thanks to the likes of your man.
We just want to talk.
You may not know who you are dealing with.
Here it is.
Sorry.
-You dance here?
-They do.
"Eliza Lipińska, 28, engaged…"
I guess that's no longer the case.
A couple of wins
at the Golden Points tournament.
"Pointes."
"Golden Pointes."
"Szczecin. Tournament. Wojciech Wieś…"
"Wiesiołłowski." Oh.
Yeah, a lot of dancing and merriment.
That's all fine and dandy,
but who are you dating?
Has he charmed you, or just told you lies?
Right. Start the search with the office.
They will pick this place apart.
Now, I can't stop them.
Even if I wanted to.
The school will be closed
for at least a week.
If they find anything, maybe forever.
It's too late for Golden,
but we can still help you.
I know you're not a part of this world.
You're just with the wrong person.
A person involved in drug smuggling,
muggings, battery.
It's likely that he killed
a local crime boss
to get rid of his competition.
You're a local,
and everyone here knows Polański.
And everyone knows
that his club now belongs to Golden.
And you?
Ms, I mean. You're just
spinning your little pirouettes
in your fucking pointe-shmointes?
Fuck!
I thought you were a simple hooligan.
Yeah.
-You're a gangster?
-A what?
The police came to the school.
Where did you grow up?
Pigs lie.
They said you deal drugs.
Where's the registration
for that fucking Mercedes?
-They said…
-Here it is.
Golden, do you kill people?
Eli.
Eli, listen.
Eli. Leafy!
Let go of me!
-Look.
-Let go.
-I do what I do. I have to end it.
-Let go!
-I have to end it.
It's the last thing.
Otherwise, they'll kill me.
They'll kill me.
One thing.
Relax.
Golden, how much longer will it take?
-Pick this up.
-What?
One moment.
You were supposed to give him to us.
-It's not the time, my man.
-We were quiet.
I'm in a hurry. Give that to me.
I'm in a hurry, gentlemen.
-Talk to them before they do something.
-Krzywy. Is the crew ready?
-Yeah.
-Then let's fucking go.
Come on!
What's up, dude. Everything good?
Relax. After the 25th…
-Wiki! Long time no see!
-Hi, Golden!
You got swole, dude.
Tax audit, FBI Furioza!
I've heard about you.
I remember your old man in the 90s.
Couldn't catch a cold.
I did time for Słowik.
I won't let some cunt…
I also…
remember that my old man…
couldn't catch a cold!
Well? Can we talk like people?
What?
It's your business,
how you make money, gentlemen.
VAT fraud? Fine, I don't care.
So what do you want?
I need to borrow four million euros.
Right now.
-Four million euros?
-Come on, please.
I could just fucking take
the couple of hundred thousand
lying on this beautiful table.
But I like you guys. I respect you.
I mean, you did time for Słowik!
So, do whatever you want.
I'll give you protection.
You're untouchable in the Tricity.
Here are the papers
for my real estate, for my cars.
If my investment tanks,
I'll go down with it. But it's doubtful.
But you'll get part of your money back.
What do you say?
Deal done?
One hour. I'll be here.
How come he has such a fine chick,
and I don't?
All right, focus.
Fuck!
-Come here!
-Fuck!
-Fucker!
-Come on!
Come here, cunt!
I'll fucking kill you! Open up!
Hey!
-Get the fuck out!
-Let's bounce!
Police! Get the fuck out of here!
Get the fuck out!
Who the fuck
was supposed to guard the area?
-Which one?
-Fuck, Mrówa.
-What's happening?
-Call an ambulance!
-Get a fucking ambulance.
-Towels, now!
Give me a towel!
-What the fuck happened?
-What do you think?
Fuck!
Golden, did you kill anybody?
It's not like that.
They outnumbered the three of us.
You can get your ass beat,
but you can't give up.
You have to fight.
They outnumbered us. Daro pulled a knife.
They pummeled me so hard.
What's up now, cunt?
I barely made it.
They knocked out my tooth.
Daro was lying in a pool of blood.
He was bleeding from everywhere.
Dzika came.
Her screams… I can't forget it.
Daro!
It was the first time
I ever saw a dead man. A friend.
She was screaming.
And I thought that no one
would ever beat me up again.
That I'll be invincible.
On our block
you're either a nobody or a hooligan.
And I'm not a nobody.
Understand. I love you.
-Fuck off!
-Shut the fuck up!
Fuck off! Leave her! Fucking leave her!
-Fuck, Messi, leave the girl!
-Mrówka?
Are you fucking insane?
Attacking me with gear?
Who was it? Fucking Olo?
Kaszub's brother?
Do you still hold any power over Furioza?
Last time!
Let me talk with them!
Do you fucking think
I have anything to lose?
You're wildly mistaken!
If we don't to this IRA deal,
you'll be fucking gone,
I'll be gone,
and she'll be fucking gone.
Let's go.
I'm scared of you.
-Hey!
-Come on, fucker!
Let me go!
-Come here!
-Relax! Let's talk!
Let him talk. Relax.
You done?
Give the shirt back. You're not worthy.
Guys, please.
All right, we did
some fucking business together.
I invested a ton of money.
I need to finish this, or I'll get killed
by people you don't want to know.
But that's on me. Guys, please!
Just a bit more time!
Mrówka will be dead.
It's not your time yet, Olo.
-It's still not your decision.
-Set him up.
I'll hold you to your word.
Hold on.
Wait.
What?
-I didn't understand shit.
-Fuck, Golden.
Fuck, look. He sent a pin.
Fuck me.
There.
Fuck!
Fucking pin. Look where it led me to.
To the last centimeter.
Mrówka!
Yeah?
Cool.
Hold on. Fuck.
Fuck!
What is it? What?
I'll get wet.
What? Okay!
What did he say?
Fuck off.
Fuck, get in! There are cameras!
Fuck, we can't drive this stuff ourselves.
Golden!
A courier's package also won't work.
If we mix it with herbs,
the dogs at the border will sniff…
Fuck, I'm talking to you!
We'll hide it in cane sugar.
Fuck, the whole pallet?
And how will we extract it?
Are you fucking insane?
Fuck, they'll kill us.
Fuck!
Golden!
Golden! Fuck…
Fuck! Golden!
Fuck!
Golden! I'll fucking kill you!
-What?
-Hello!
What do you want?
Fuck off! Go!
Damn Pole.
I told you, "No, it's not him."
I'm sorry!
Yes?
Fuck, Golden!
Golden!
Mrówka, I'm entering Gdańsk.
Tricity.
-I'll fucking kill you!
-Then I'll go to Sopot…
Not you. Fuck off!
Turn left and you are there.
Open the gate.
-Fucking open it!
-Fuck, all right!
Here he is!
Blinker…
Golden!
-Fuck!
-Mrówka…
Fuck!
Son of a bitch!
-You beautiful bastard!
-Clear!
Fuck! Not this side!
Fuck, Golden! My man!
-My baldy!
-Let me go.
My man! Fuck, come here!
Come. The smuggler of the millennium!
-Come here.
-Let me go.
-I'm all itchy.
-Fuck…
What the fuck is happening?
-I have lice. I have to shave.
-Fuck me…
Get up.
Get up!
You won't sit down?
You're in bed with Kaszub's killer.
Stop it. I keep telling you…
That bitch, Dzika! She was here!
That bitch was here!
She's a pig, she lies!
-Your father's watching!
-I'm sorry.
Mommy, I'm sorry. Mom…
Mom, you don't believe me?
You believe her over me?
Over me? That bitch!
I'm sorry.
Get out.
-You believe her over me? She's a bitch.
-Out. And don't ever come back!
Get out of here.
Mommy…
Mom, fuck. Open up!
Open the door! Fuck!
Don't you get it, mom?
Please. Mommy, I beg you, open the door!
Mommy, I'm sorry.
Mommy, fuck, open the door!
-What's up?
-Hi.
It's Scorpion.
Fuck, I don't believe my eyes.
Golden.
Brother. From now on,
you can always count on us.
Come, relax.
And here's something extra
on account of future cooperation.
Half a mil extra.
-What are you loading in there?
-Cats and dogs.
What?
It's, kurwa, joke.
Fuck, cats and dogs!
Hold it.
YOUR TAXI TRIP
CHINA TOWN RESTAURANT
Fucking hell!
Garbage truck! It was a garbage truck.
There had to be one
on the site of Kaszub's murder.
A fucking garbage truck.
I'm standing next to one.
And what do I see?
A camera on its stinky ass!
I'm coming back.
Ten grand wouldn't fit. Are we good?
Who's driving today?
Mrówka killed my dad.
-And you're dealing with him?
-Zuzia.
Zizu, please.
-Not you, Zuza. You know that…
-No!
-Zuzka!
-Fuck off!
Zuza…
Never…
Breaks!
Zuza fights until the end!
-What's up?
-When can you be here?
-Half an hour. Why?
-I have the recording.
You have something here.
Come on!
Fuck!
Stop!
Dzika!
What's with you?
You won't shoot me, huh?
You bitch! Stay!
Stay!
Breathe in.
And out. Breathe in.
And out!
You have two options.
We post this video online,
and within a month,
someone in prison helps you commit
an exceptionally successful suicide,
or we bury the evidence, because…
we won't destroy it, right?
And little Golden hides in a mouse hole,
where he'll continue to enjoy
the infamy of a bad hooligan.
"Boo! I'm so evil! Furioza dada, Fur--"
But he'll be ours.
And if little Golden does anything shifty,
a steamroller will run him over
and Golden will be no more.
Good you have that ink. If they cut you,
your mom will at least
be able to identify your remains.
Get out!
You were our friend.
Fuck, leave it! I know whose crib this is.
We'll get some pocket money for it.
Fucking faster! Ouch!
There are no more true hooligans.
Fuck. There's only money.
Relax.
They're waiting for us at the border.
Dima paid them. It will be straight.
We have a cool place in Odessa.
You'll get some rest.
And we'll get you citizenship.
You want to be Ukrainian? Or American?
Fuck, turn back!
With your money,
you can be whoever you want.
Damn!
I said, turn the fuck back!
Who can understand you?
-Olo.
-What's up?
-Can I come in?
-Yeah.
Golden said to give this to you.
All right, thanks.
FURIOZA
FOR ZUZIA
ZUZA NEVER BREAKS
You were right about the sea.
You can't buy it.
Golden!
High five!
Give me the ball!
Pass it!
He runs! Yes!
On the goal, people!
Go on!
Furioza!
-Krzywy.
-What's up?
Kaszub would want…
Olo to take over Furioza.
What the fuck?
It's time.
Unsecured proof.
Only three people have access.
Fuck.
-What?
-Marek!
What's up?
The footage was posted on Furioza's group.
"All will hear about this."
God fucking dammit.
Leave him. He's mine!
I'm glad you're here.
I didn't know what to do with myself.
Wait. Give him a second.
Fucking get him!
-Yeah!
-Good!
Fucking get him!
-Come on!
-Punch him!
-End him!
-Like that!
Come on!
But it was great on the highway, huh?
Finish him!
Right.
Fuck. Go get him!
-Come on!
-No!
Leave me alone! Let me go!
That's enough! Leave him be.
-Get him out!
-Come on.
-No, I'm here with you.
-Get lost, you hear me?
INSIDE FURIOZA
Subtitle translated by:
Filip Bernard Karbowiak